had a chat a while back and he basically
said he wanted a website for a cyber
security business
and um what did he say he said
so i i asked him i said tell me more
about your business what you do how you
operate so he said okay i go into
companies like
small banks financial institutions they
pay me
a couple grand a day and we'll do a full
cyber security audit and then construct
a plan to help them
become cyber security proof and put all
this authority into place and these
regulations
place i said great um so why do you need
a website we said i'm not getting enough
inquiries from my contracting
recruitment company so i need to get
more inbound opportunities directly to
me
i said great okay that's give me a good
idea so we can do this website that
showcases exactly what you do builds
trust showcases your services
and if we market it right it can hook
inbound leads so you don't have to pay
recruitment fees and you can get inbound
opportunities straight into your inbox
he said great he said how much is that
going to cost i said probably about five
six grand
he said sam that's really expensive i
said hold on a second
you told me you're charging people two
grand a day how was that
and he laughed and he said sam that's a
great point let's discuss it further